README.md, before:

# VPNStatus
VPNStatus, a replacement for macOS builtin VPN Status

Blog post: [https://blog.timac.org/2018/0719-vpnstatus/](https://blog.timac.org/2018/0719-vpnstatus/)

<div align="center">
<!-- shields -->
<!-- downloads -->
<a href="https://github.com/Timac/VPNStatus/releases">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Timac/VPNStatus/total.svg?style=flat" alt="downloads"/>
</a>
<!-- version -->
<a href="https://github.com/Timac/VPNStatus/releases">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release-pre/Timac/VPNStatus.svg?style=flat" alt="latest version"/>
</a>
<!-- license -->
<a href="https://github.com/Timac/VPNStatus/blob/master/LICENSE.txt">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Timac/VPNStatus.svg?style=flat" alt="license"/>
</a>
<!-- platform -->
<a href="https://github.com/Timac/VPNStatus">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-lightgrey.svg?style=flat" alt="platform"/>
</a>

<br/>
<br/>
</div>



# Description
VPNStatus, an application that replicates some functionalities of macOS built-in VPN status menu:

- list the VPN services and their status
- connect to a VPN service
- disconnect from a VPN service
- possibility to auto connect to a VPN service if the application is running
- Completely free ([donations welcome](https://github.com/sponsors/Timac)) with the source code transparently available

# Retry Delay

VPNStatus tries to reconnect to the VPN every 120s by default. You can change this value using a secret preference. To change the retry delay to 30s:

- Quit VPNStatus
- Run this command in a Terminal window:

```
defaults write org.timac.VPNStatus AlwaysConnectedRetryDelay -int 30
```

# Ignored SSIDs

VPNStatus can optionally ignore one or more SSIDs, such that services are **not** autoconnected when the current Wi-Fi SSID is on the ignored list.

To set the list of ignored SSIDs:

- Quit VPNStatus
- Run this command in a Terminal window:

```
defaults write org.timac.VPNStatus IgnoredSSIDs "OneSSID,SecondSSID,Third SSID"
```

With the above example, if the current Wi-Fi network SSID is `OneSSID`, `SecondSSID`, or `Third SSID`, then the VPN will **not** autoconnect.

If the Wi-Fi network SSID is, say, `FourthSSID`, the VPN service **will** autoconnect, because it is not on the list.

Note that SSIDs **are** case-sensitive.

Commit message:

#22: Add a note about the minimum supported value for AlwaysConnectedRetryDelay

README.md, after:

# VPNStatus
VPNStatus, a replacement for macOS builtin VPN Status

Blog post: [https://blog.timac.org/2018/0719-vpnstatus/](https://blog.timac.org/2018/0719-vpnstatus/)

<div align="center">
<!-- shields -->
<!-- downloads -->
<a href="https://github.com/Timac/VPNStatus/releases">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Timac/VPNStatus/total.svg?style=flat" alt="downloads"/>
</a>
<!-- version -->
<a href="https://github.com/Timac/VPNStatus/releases">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release-pre/Timac/VPNStatus.svg?style=flat" alt="latest version"/>
</a>
<!-- license -->
<a href="https://github.com/Timac/VPNStatus/blob/master/LICENSE.txt">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Timac/VPNStatus.svg?style=flat" alt="license"/>
</a>
<!-- platform -->
<a href="https://github.com/Timac/VPNStatus">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-macOS-lightgrey.svg?style=flat" alt="platform"/>
</a>

<br/>
<br/>
</div>



# Description
VPNStatus, an application that replicates some functionalities of macOS built-in VPN status menu:

- list the VPN services and their status
- connect to a VPN service
- disconnect from a VPN service
- possibility to auto connect to a VPN service if the application is running
- Completely free ([donations welcome](https://github.com/sponsors/Timac)) with the source code transparently available

# Retry Delay

VPNStatus tries to reconnect to the VPN every 120s by default. You can change this value using a secret preference. To change the retry delay to 30s:

- Quit VPNStatus
- Run this command in a Terminal window:

```
defaults write org.timac.VPNStatus AlwaysConnectedRetryDelay -int 30
```

Note that the minimum valid value for `AlwaysConnectedRetryDelay` is 11. If you use a lower value, the default value (120s) will be used.

# Ignored SSIDs

VPNStatus can optionally ignore one or more SSIDs, such that services are **not** autoconnected when the current Wi-Fi SSID is on the ignored list.

To set the list of ignored SSIDs:

- Quit VPNStatus
- Run this command in a Terminal window:

```
defaults write org.timac.VPNStatus IgnoredSSIDs "OneSSID,SecondSSID,Third SSID"
```

With the above example, if the current Wi-Fi network SSID is `OneSSID`, `SecondSSID`, or `Third SSID`, then the VPN will **not** autoconnect.

If the Wi-Fi network SSID is, say, `FourthSSID`, the VPN service **will** autoconnect, because it is not on the list.

Note that SSIDs **are** case-sensitive.
